[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>DAVID WILCOCK: All right.
Welcome to "Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host, David
Wilcock, and we
have a special surprise
for you; the insider
who I referred to as Paul.
And I can reveal
for the first time
that his name is Emery Smith.
And you may know him if you
ever saw the movie, "Sirius."
Emery, welcome to the show.
>>EMERY SMITH: Oh, thanks Dave.
I'm so excited to be here.
10 years in the making
of working with you
and establishing a
great relationship.
And basically, you're the reason
that a lot of my progression
in this field of
undisclosed information
has been brought to me.
And at the same
time, it's time now
to bring it forward, which,
thanks for helping me
get to that point.
Because as you know, for the
past three to five years,
I was kind of just
holding onto it.
>>DAVID: Now, in
the movie "Sirius,"
there is an autopsy of a little,
six-inch tall, apparently
extra-terrestrial body.
>>SMITH: Correct.
>>DAVID: Who, in the movie,
is doing that autopsy?
>>SMITH: I was vice president
for CSeTi for about five years,
and what had happened
was there was
this being, of course,
that was taken over
by a civilian lab in Spain.
And the government actually
did have it before anyone else,
but no one knows about that.
So the thing was, the people
I was working with in CSeTi
decided it would be a great
idea to go over here, and let's
do an autopsy, and
let's get some DNA.
Because if you get some DNA,
well, that outrules everything.
And let's get a major
university to do it.
So being through my background,
working with tissue from
un-Earth origin--
in these compartmentalized
programs,
I've seen over 3,000
of these things--
that it was just a winner
for me to be the person to go
do the autopsy on
the senior team.
And I was definitely
also assisted
by Dr. Steven Greer
and Dr. Jan Bravo.
So they were, of
course, the physicians
there witnessing this and
helping me harvest this tissue.
>>DAVID: I don't think
anybody will forgive me if we
don't talk, at least
in the first episode--
we'll get started--
about how you came to
have multiple medical
doctorate-level knowledge from
classified military programs.
>>SMITH: Well, I--
>>DAVID: So can we talk about
what you did in the military
with this unusual biology?
>>SMITH: Yeah, sure.
You know, it all
started, actually,
when I joined the
military at an early age.
I was what they call a 90252.
I don't think they still
use those codes anymore.
But it had to do with being
like a surgical technician.
Just a person who hands
instruments to the physician.
And I was also a paramedic
and a surgical first assist,
and then I became a teacher for
that very quickly, overnight.
And then when I moved to
Kirtland Air Force Base,
they offered me a special,
what we call moonlighting job,
they call it.
And I was still a
kid, you understand.
I was very young, but I was
very intelligent and very mature
for my age at that time.
And I was fascinated
when they were putting me
in charge of million
dollar equipment
that not normal people would
be able to even utilize
or even-- it's not
even ready for-- even
to be used for civilians yet.
So that lured me
into working this OK,
well we're going to say
you're this, Sergeant Smith,
but you're really
going to be doing this.
But you're still going
to be getting paid.
And I said, OK.
So basically, I'm working for
civilian, compartmentalized
programs, but I'm an
active duty service member.
And it worked out.
I know there was a lot of--
I could tell that
the people that I
was working for in the
operating rooms there,
it was like, well, why
is Smith always leaving
every day at noon?
Where does he go?
Oh, he has a knee issue.
He has to go to
physical therapy.
You know.
So down the chain
of command, they
knew something was
going on, but they also
had to keep it
justifiable, in a way,
until let's get him out of
here, and let's go full-time
with this, basically, dissecting
tissues of unknown origin.
And that's where I got sucked
in and was just getting
obsessed with what I was doing.
>>DAVID: And you said this
was Kirtland Air Force Base?
>>SMITH: Yes, this was Kirtland
Air Force Base, where I--
>>DAVID: And where is that?
>>SMITH: This is
where I started,
in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
I was not just working
there, I was moonlighting
doing this other
stuff after hours,
and that had to do with
Sandia and Los Alamos labs.
>>DAVID: Sandia.
OK.
>>SMITH: Yeah, Sandia Labs
is another secured location
on Kirtland Air Force Base.
Yeah.
It's like a base
within a base that goes
underground many, many stories.
>>DAVID: So let's start to
break into this a little bit.
And I've talked to
you about this--
I've gotten bits and pieces
of this from you over a decade
now.
And as time has gone on,
you've been able to share more.
You've been authorized
to tell me more.
So let's just put this
on the record right now.
Can you confirm that you have
been authorized to disclose
what we're talking about now?
That this is officially
OK at this time?
>>SMITH: My NDA has
expired, but I am still--
I'm not going to
talk about something
that I don't feel
comfortable talking about
if I don't believe it's
something that would put you
or me in harm until that comes.
But what I'm saying now, I
believe, is going to be fine.
I've not been threatened
ever for any of that.
The only time I
was ever threatened
is when I brought the DNA back
from the Atacama from Spain,
illegally, from Barcelona.
And I thought when
the government--
when I was getting threatened,
and they tried three
assassination attempts on me--
>>DAVID: I remember.
>>SMITH: It was very horrifying.
I thought it was because
that I took the DNA from,
you know, over there, brought it
here, and snuck it to Stanford.
And it had nothing to do that.
It had to do with someone
getting upset with me
because I resigned
and then putting
three compartmentalized
labs that,
during my work with
this group, had
their own team,
their own wet teams,
we call them, to come and
do the little dirty work.
But I was able to
get out of that,
thank goodness, to help from,
actually, the US government.
And some military and CIA
officials, Army and CIA
officials, really helped
out and turned around
and threatened back,
and it was not only me,
but it was also another
colleague of mine
that were working on that--
at a being.
And it was-- immediately,
everything stopped.
And I thought they
just told me when
I was taken to the
wet room because I
was escaping where I
was in Florida, getting
all these threats.
They just flew me right
there, next thing you know.
And I just said, what
do I do, why I'm here.
And they--
>>DAVID: Now, just so people--
in case they don't know,
the wet room has got tile on
the walls, the floor, a drain
in the middle of the
floor, and the wet
is your blood, basically.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
It's and equipped--
this is where
they take people and kill them,
and it's an easy clean up.
You've got a nice, big
drain, a bunch of hoses.
And a huge disinfectant system.
>>DAVID: And you knew what this
was when they took you into it.
>>SMITH: Absolutely.
>>DAVID: And you were
very intimidated.
>>SMITH: I've seen different
types of wet rooms,
not for humans, but
for other things
and other
compartmentalized projects.
But never in Washington, DC.
So they just said, you
violated your contract.
And I said, before
you kill me, could you
please show me and tell me
where I violated my contract,
and I'll be happy with that.
I said, you know
everything about me.
You have your own
satellite on me.
You know every phone, text
message, you know everything.
Everything is bugged.
It's like, what did I do?
You know, just tell me.
And eight hours later, I
was sweating in this room,
they came back, they said,
we're very sorry, Mr. Smith.
It was an internal
problem, and you will never
have to worry about that again.
We apologize.
And it was a really
beautiful moment.
Because the first
time that I felt
like the alliance of people in
there were trying to protect me
or trying to do
something positive,
besides expose me or hurt
my family or you know.
>>DAVID: You go to Sandia, and--
>>SMITH: Yes.
Well, I'm already living
there on the base.
I already have my own
place on the base.
And I work at a
hospital off the base,
the VA Kirtland Air Force Base
Hospital is actually off-base,
which is odd.
And don't forget,
Kirtland Air Force Base
is the fifth largest
base in the world,
and that's where
they used to hide
the nukes in the mountains.
>>DAVID: Oh, wow.
>>SMITH: And I've shown my
handlers and people just flying
over there to see the doors.
Those giant doors.
But they're not used for
that anymore, they're
used for other things.
>>DAVID: Well, we have
New Mexico and Nevada
near each other.
And of course, we have
area 51 in Nevada.
>>SMITH: They're all connected.
>>DAVID: So have you ever
ridden the sub shuttle system?
>>SMITH: Only from
Sandia to Los Alamos,
and I might have went
to Dulce and back,
but I don't know
where it stopped.
Because they had
to do something.
There's four of them, and--
>>DAVID: Four of what?
>>SMITH: These mag
lev-type trains.
But from what I
just recently heard,
they're all upgraded, updated,
and completely different.
More like a vacuum-tube
magnetic thing.
And that's some other
stuff I worked with.
Just because of the
tissue regeneration stuff
I was involved with,
a lot of the craft,
that I was brought
into different projects
to look at the craft, because
the craft are actually alive.
>>DAVID: Oh, wow.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
>>DAVID: The craft were alive.
>>SMITH: The craft were alive,
and they were conscious.
>>DAVID: This is
similar to what we
heard from David Adair, where
he described going to Area 51
and seeing this power
system that was actually
a living being.
But it was this very large
thing that had like--
it looked like a skeleton
over the surface of it.
It had tissue components, but it
also had technology components.
It was some weird
blend of technology--
>>SMITH: That's right.
It's right.
It also-- and that's
already started.
And I was part of that movement
too, where we formulated tissue
into titanium.
It's called osseo-integration.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
So that's a good one to
get into at some point
because that's what led us
in the underground projects
to say, man, if we can have
tissue and titanium to be
together, and I can make your
bone tissue and titanium,
you're going to be
pretty strong, Dave.
It's going to be hard for
me to break that bond.
And then add stem cells to that
and platelet-rich plasma, which
increases bone density up
to, sometimes, 10 times.
Your own bone.
Keep that in mind.
>>DAVID: So that sounds
a lot like Wolverine
in the X-men movies.
>>SMITH: Absolutely.
So yeah, osseo-integration,
where they just
basically you know made him all
these steel protective plates,
but he also had a super
ability to heal very quickly.
And that's the secret.
That's what they
all want to know.
How do we have no downtime?
And now not do we not
have any downtime,
and not just for the super
soldier programs I was part of.
I'm talking about
the soldier programs
that you don't hear about.
The more upper-level
cabal, majestic-type secret
corporation levels, where
they're trying to anti-age you.
And now that this new protein
has just been discovered,
A2M, Alpha 2 Macro
Globulin, holy moly.
They just-- they just
turned back time.
And now that that's out,
I can tell you right now,
probably in 5 to 10
years-- it will probably
take 10 years for the FDA.
What this does is it's a
protease inhibitor, which means
it blocks all inflammation.
So the body can heal itself.
See, everything you have that
you need to survive forever
or for a very long time
is already in your body.
The problem is these fields
around us and these--
the foods we eat,
everything is poisoned.
So it makes us
have inflammation.
And I don't care if
you're in a car accident,
or if you have a disease, it
all starts with inflammation.
Now, if I can stop
inflammation, your body
will heal itself naturally.
>>DAVID: That's very exciting.
>>SMITH: Very exciting.
And by the way, that A2M,
I did not discover that.
I was just part of a project
that specialized in that,
and that's how I learned it all.
And so I'm so excited now.
It's here for the civilians,
and it's all over.
>>DAVID: Right.
So let's talk about
how you got started
with extraterrestrial biology.
Were you aware at first that
you were autopsying ETs?
>>SMITH: No
>>DAVID: How did they do that?
>>SMITH: They-- [LAUGHS]
and it was really funny too,
because the entrance to where
I was going was Sandia Labs,
but it wasn't in their compound.
It was another little building.
But it goes down 30 some floors.
And when I got down
there, and they took me
down these hallways, and they
were just-- on my first day,
I just remember, I was
in this little room, kind
of like you would see in
movies where the room's kind
of all white, with the little
table, steel table, and all
these instruments there.
And you're escorted
to this place.
And you get in there, and
there's this piece of tissue.
And it's all positive
pressure air system.
And so I go in there--
and you do scrub out,
just like a surgeon
scrubs and put his gowns
on, and the hoods and stuff.
You do go in there, do all that.
And you label like
you would like when
we're in a biology school frog.
You're like, OK.
This is a muscle.
This is a tongue, or whatever.
And I was just there to
label and take small samples
and put them in these different
types of jars and vats
and containers,
which I would then
push through a drawer in a wall,
and someone else would take it,
and that was it.
So I was basically
taking tissue samples
from whatever piece
of tissue it was.
Some looked like salmon.
Some looked like
I don't even know.
I can't even explain it.
But then every
three to six months,
you get a upper
security clearance.
So I stayed with that.
>>DAVID: So you described
to me before that you
called them salmon filets.
When you first got started,
would it be like a square,
like this big or something?
>>SMITH: Yeah, it was like
a perfectly cut square,
with arteries,
veins, nerves, just
different types of tissues.
Different types of--
cellular tissues, I mean.
Sometimes you would find
cartilage in a weird area.
You know?
And sometimes you would
see neural matter.
But it was always different.
And then the samples
started getting
more intact, where you
could tell that, whoa,
this is a hand.
You know?
And I could not tell you
what that is at that point.
I couldn't even say--
And you're not allowed
to ask anything.
You just do that, and you
don't talk to anybody,
and that's your
job, and that's it.
>>DAVID: What if you told
your friends or your family?
Were you given security
briefings about that?
>>SMITH: Yes.
That I would be killed.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>DAVID: Now you say a hand.
I mean, describe what
the hand might look like.
Give me one example of the hand.
>>SMITH: Well, imagine every
creature on this planet that
has a hand, and evolution
then, a billion years from now,
to have the five star--
>>DAVID: Like the human star.
>>SMITH: Human star.
And so you might have
a very small hand,
and it might look like a frog.
But it's just a
little bit different.
But it's a palm.
Like, it's got prints.
It's got nails.
It could be something
like a raccoon.
But we're talking
everything's different now.
The most fascinating ones
were the giant insect.
These hands were just enormous.
And they were not
only living tissue,
they were plant tissue as well.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: Yes.
So they had some sort of thing
they were making or growing
that involved plant tissue
with some other sort
of living tissue, which they
would mix many different types
of hybrid tissues together.
It's old school.
Everybody knows that
in these projects.
And it's-- you've probably
heard about it out there.
They've mixed every type
of animal tissue, DNA,
with human to see what happens.
>>DAVID: Like Dulce, New Mexico.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
All that kind of crazy stuff.
And then they started adding
and adding and adding.
And then when they started
getting things from up there,
that's when it got weird.
So whether or not this
was an extraterrestrial,
I couldn't say at
that time, because I
know they could have grew
whatever this was and killed
it, chopped it up in
little, bitty pieces,
sent it to all these places.
I wasn't the only
technician doing this.
>>DAVID: One of the
things that I'd really
like to drill into a lot
more is if you can give us
a much more exacting
description of the facility
that you worked in.
So let's talk about that.
Let's talk about even
something as simple
as is there a parking lot, or do
you have an underground parking
garage?
>>SMITH: Yes, exactly.
Kind of like you hear the
stories about people flying out
to Nevada or whatever,
go to Area 51.
It's like one way in and out.
Well, with this, these places,
there's multiple places
in and out, depending on where
you're going to be working
and what section.
And they're very large
underground facilities.
I mean, they're-- we're talking
up to 100 acres of multilevel
facilities down there, with many
special wings that do certain
things.
Some works on energy propulsion,
some works on regeneration.
Some works-- there's a whole
medical thing to it too,
and there's actually
a small little city
of people that
actually live there
that do not come to the surface,
usually, that I'm aware of.
And it's a very dynamic setup.
So for me, since I was
already living on the base,
it was easy, because
I just rode my bicycle
to this small building.
So the small building,
which you would just
think would be a fire
tower or whatever,
is actually just in the
middle of a big area.
And there's-- you could park
1,000 cars there if you want.
No one would even
think anything.
So you go in, and you
take an elevator down,
and you get on a big hallway.
It's an escalator.
And the escalator, just like
you would see at an airport,
and then the
escalator's really long.
You're on the escalator
for about 10 minutes.
>>DAVID: Oh, wow.
>>SMITH: So you're actually
going somewhere else--
>>DAVID: And it's moving fast?
>>SMITH: Yes, it's very fast.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: Yes.
Yeah, yeah.
You can actually sit down on it.
>>DAVID: What are you seeing?
Is it a tunnel?
>>SMITH: Just a tunnel.
It's a hallway.
It's white, and it has
a black marble ceiling.
Like black onyx.
I don't know what
it is, if it's--
they can see through it,
but it's a very different--
back then, that was very
different to see, of course.
And the tunnel is not big.
>>DAVID: Do you think that one
of these underground drilling
machines could have made
that tunnel, possibly?
>>SMITH: Oh, yeah.
The heat one did.
The one that melts
rock into a molten--
that's how they
made all the lava.
They basically make
lava tubes now.
And that's what they're
still doing all over.
Making an underground
freeway to go anywhere
you want in the world.
>>DAVID: Now, when we think
of an escalator normally,
there's vertical metal grooves
that are all side by side,
and there's teeth
between each layer--
>>SMITH: No, no, no.
This is completely flat and made
of some sort of polycarbonate.
And you couldn't see through it.
And there's-- you can
stand or sit in the chair.
>>DAVID: Oh, there's a chair.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
Yeah.
>>DAVID: But you're on a
track, and it's moving.
>>SMITH: You're on a
>>DAVID: So what
you're describing to me
sounds like an extremely
cool, futuristic tunnel
that you're riding through.
Already, you're going
to be pretty inspired.
>>SMITH: Yeah, I mean, it
makes Epcot look like a joke.
No offense.
I know a guy who
built that, too.
But it's this--
at that time, you
have to understand the year
that we're talking about.
In the early '90s, it was
very fantastical to be
part of all of this.
So when you get to the end, you
go through your check station.
>>DAVID: What does it look like?
Where are you?
What do you see?
You were in a
tunnel, but what do
you see once you get off the--
>>SMITH: There's glass
doors there, seamless.
They open up like you
would see in Star Trek.
Like whoosh.
They open up.
And there's these two stations.
And if there's someone
in both stations,
you have to wait
outside the glass.
Other people might be
before you, checking in.
>>DAVID: Oh, they're being
interviewed or something?
>>SMITH: Yeah, they're
being checked in.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>SMITH: And so there's
two other glass stations.
So when you go, this opens up.
Now you have a security
check guy here,
and a security check guy here.
>>DAVID: So what would
happen with these soldiers
at the desks?
What do you--
>>SMITH: Well, they check your
palm print, your retina scan.
And then you show
them your card.
A very generic card.
>>DAVID: And does the
soldier talk to you?
Do you have questions
you have to answer?
>>SMITH: Yeah,
they ask questions.
Anywhere from just a couple, or
sometimes they would be like,
they're just like, go ahead.
So they were doing
this with people,
and they had these
special animals.
They were dogs,
but special dogs.
>>DAVID: Special meaning what?
They looked
different than a dog?
>>SMITH: They were somehow
trained, or maybe a hybrid.
They were a little
bit larger, looked
like a German Shepherd-Mastiff
mix and a Bloodhound.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: And they were there,
and they were in a compartment,
but they can smell you
as you walk by them.
For sure, you cannot walk by
them without them smelling you.
And they always know
how to-- they go,
they just right away smell.
And then you've got to go
through two more doors,
and now you're in
the locker room.
And they're gender doors.
Female locker room
and male locker room.
So in your locker room,
you take your clothes off,
and you put these scrubs on.
They're kind of like scrubs,
like a jumpsuit thing.
You go outside the
next door, which
has nothing to do now--
there's a whole wall there.
Now you're in another
corridor, and there's
a room on the right, and that
room is where your orders are,
and that's where you pick up
your folder and your band.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>SMITH: OK.
So--
>>DAVID: Does somebody
tell you your orders?
>>SMITH: Well, they're
usually just there.
And sometimes there are--
we call them the managers--
are in there, because
there is something
they want to say to you.
They already know a half
hour away that you're coming.
So everyone knows
everything, especially
now that you've
got your band on.
So they come in, and they'll
say, hey, we got this, this.
They'll debrief you on like,
we got this, this, this,
and just make sure
you do that and that.
And then you get out, and then
there's the white guards, now.
And they escort you.
Or if there's not a
white guard there,
you follow the color strips.
>>DAVID: What are color strips?
>>SMITH: Color strips are
when you're walking down
this beautiful, white
hallway, there are
wings of operating rooms, OK?
Pressurized operating rooms.
Looks like you're getting
in a 747 jumbo jet,
because the doors are
these cool, big, hexagon
vacuum-sucked doors.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: And the colors
correlate to the wing
you're going work in that day.
And that just tells you how
many wings go down there.
Each wing can have
up to 30 to 50 rooms.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
Of these types of vacuum rooms.
>>DAVID: And how many floors
do you think there are?
>>SMITH: Where I was?
>>DAVID: Yeah.
>>SMITH: Oh, over 50.
>>DAVID: Wow.
>>SMITH: Over 50 floors,
just in the medical one.
>>DAVID: So once we understand
exactly what you're doing,
then the number of
extraterrestrial bodies
that these guys have
must be staggering.
>>SMITH: Oh, it's unreal.
I mean, it's a--
>>DAVID: And you said you never
really saw much repetition
in the type of stuff
that you saw, once we
get to that point in the story.
>>SMITH: Right.
No.
It was different work.
>>DAVID: They were
always different.
>>SMITH: Always different.
But the thing was this,
did they grow that here?
You know?
And this--
>>DAVID: You don't
really know, yeah.
>>SMITH: It's a
disinformation too.
Because they're going to throw a
couple of disinformation things
at you, in case one
day, I go public.
And no one is going to believe
me that I saw a 10-foot
reptilian going down a--
being escorted down the hallway.
>>DAVID: You're saying
you did see a reptilian.
>>SMITH: I'm saying I saw a lot
of cloned, hybrid, 3D-printed
beings.
Whether they were conscious
or not, I do not know.
They're really good
at sci-fi effects too,
to mess with scientists,
or to threaten them
if they feel they're
about to go public,
and they would talk,
when you work there.
So the best way to do
that is to show them
something that's
completely horrifying,
and then they
think they're going
to go say something, or
leave, or do whatever.
But now that they know it
really does exist, but does it?
Is it real?
I don't know.
I can't tell you.
Just because you see it,
doesn't mean it's real.
The same thing with the new
satellites we have with we're
projecting stuff on cars, on the
ground, and cast shadows now.
Palpable systems that
look like I'm right here,
but I'm really not right here.
>>DAVID: You're saying they
could project something that
looks just like a
car, with a shadow,
but it's not really a car?
It's just a projection
from a satellite?
>>SMITH: It's a projection
of a car that is palpable.
But you can go right
through it, if you
were to really walk up to it.
But enough to put that
amount of atoms into an area
and reflect light.
>>DAVID: Interesting.
>>SMITH: Yes.
>>SMITH: Which is a
whole 'nother ball game.
So it's hard for me to say,
yeah, I saw this craft,
or I saw this ET, or I saw
this hybrid, or whatever,
unless I actually touched it,
and felt it, and walked on it,
and tested it myself.
>>DAVID: OK.
Well, since we have talked
about those types of beings
before, instead of giving
you any front loading,
could you be more
specific in describing--
you said it was 10 feet
tall, but could you
describe a little more about
what it actually looked like?
>>SMITH: I was just
using that as an example.
But I will describe other
ones that I've seen.
>>DAVID: OK.
>>SMITH: And other
ones I've seen
were anywhere from 8 to 13 feet
tall down to just 22 inches.
>>DAVID: But some of them,
you said, were alive,
like they might be carrying
it as if it their prisoner?
>>SMITH: Well, yes.
Yes.
And that's the reason I kind
of opted out after 10 years.
Because I felt that
something wasn't going right,
because one of the bodies
I received was warm.
So I knew it just,
obviously, passed.
So then I put in my thing,
got honorably discharged,
and got out of
the contract work,
and kept my mouth shut
for 15 years, 10 years.
>>DAVID: So a warm
body means that it
might have been killed right
before you had to autopsy it?
>>SMITH: Correct.
>>DAVID: Right.
>>SMITH: Right.
But I have seen live
extraterrestrials face to face.
>>DAVID: Or something
that was ET-like.
>>SMITH: ET-like
or hybrid or clone.
Cloned individual from an ET.
>>DAVID: OK.
Let's get back now to
your colored lines.
I want to get us into the room
before we end this episode.
What happens when
you get to your door?
>>SMITH: Well, every
corridor, don't forget,
has the white
security guys there.
So you're never going
to not see these guys.
They're posed on every corridor.
Corridors can go very, very far.
>>DAVID: There's no
private area, then.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
No way.
There's no private areas.
Yeah.
So what you've got to do
is when you get there,
then you have to go through
the pressurized area
to put your suit on.
OK?
And that's the clean
area, the sterile area.
>>DAVID: So there's
like an air lock
in between the door
and the operating room.
>>SMITH: Correct.
>>DAVID: OK.
And now you put more--
>>SMITH: And those
two technicians
run that with the
two soldiers, right?
The white guys.
The white soldiers.
>>DAVID: So you have
your scrubs already,
but then you put on
additional equipment?
>>SMITH: You have to put-- yeah.
You have to put on the suit.
>>DAVID: What is the suit?
>>SMITH: Like a space suit.
It's a very
lightweight spacesuit,
like you'd see in the movies.
It's all glass.
You have your own little
oxygen that you plug
into the wall of your unit.
So you don't have
to carry anything.
It's very lightweight.
It's made out of like a
gore-tex, polyurethane
substance.
It's waterproof.
It's completely air proof.
I mean, you have your own
air recycling in there.
You have your own
speaker comm unit.
You can communicate.
And the gloves that they
are wearing on these suits
are the same gloves
we use in surgery.
They're very ambidextrous,
very sterile.
Sometimes you will have
to use certain gloves that
are made out of something
else that I don't know.
Because they don't want certain
latex or non-latex things
to be touching--
to actually destroy
whatever you're touching.
So there's different types
of suits for different types
of autopsies.
>>DAVID: So you said--
I'm trying to see this.
You have a hose that you're
going to plug into the wall
once you go through the airlock?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
So you get to the
airlock, and you're
escorted by the security guys.
And they open the air
lock, just like you would
see on a Navy ship, kind of.
Like on a-- some
have clamps, and some
have these little things.
And then you go in,
and you're suited,
and you just plug your stuff in.
There's two cords, oxygen
and an electrical comm cord.
And you can still
hear them if they
wanted to talk to you in
there without that, in case
it failed.
>>DAVID: So could
you just briefly
describe what it looks like
once you're inside the OR now?
>>SMITH: It's seamless.
It's got a white-pinkish tinge
to the walls and everything.
It's kind of oval.
And all of the entire
walls actually have--
can come out in different
types of sections.
And the sections might be...
the body will be on this board.
And then the other section walls
will have all these other tools
you're going to need to do it.
To do whatever you're
gathering or for the testing.
>>DAVID: So once you actually
see these salmon filets--
you said it started
with salmon filets,
but then you upgraded at some
point to an arm with a hand.
What was the time interval
between salmon filets
and arms and then
eventually, full bodies?
Could we talk about
that for a second?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
That took about, I
think, 16 months.
You get three to six
months security upgrades
if you behave and
keep your mouth shut.
I mean, it happens fast, because
they go through so many people.
They do.
And I really wanted
to learn this.
I was so captivated by it.
So I did what they
wanted me to do.
And then it got more
and more stranger,
and I would get better
and better samples.
And it was frustrating
because you're not
allowed to ask, well,
what is this from?
Where is it?
Or how do you get it?
Or-- you're just there to do the
sampling and get out, you know?
And then once the bodies came--
that was probably
after maybe 10 months--
when partial bodies,
not full bodies.
I didn't get full bodies
until way at the end,
and then I got out because I
got emotional about it, I guess.
>>DAVID: Could you describe for
us the very first partial body
that you saw?
What did it look like?
And we'll end the
episode with that.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
It was a leopard-colored skin.
It was the torso.
It looked like it got blown up.
And it had reptilian skin.
It had normal body parts,
like we have on our insides.
So I did see a
spleen, a heart, lung.
The face was too
distorted and destroyed,
so I couldn't tell you
what the face looked like.
But it had perfect, normal
bone structure like we do.
And it was just-- the
skin was beautiful.
It was iridescent
blue leopard skin.
It reminded me of growing
up in the Everglades
with the leopard frogs, where
they had those round circles,
and peacock feathers mixed.
>>DAVID: Really?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
That color-- that
distinct, round--
it was very smooth skin.
>>DAVID: Did it scare
you the first time
you got a partial body?
Were you like, oh my god,
what's going on here?
>>SMITH: Yeah.
I was in shock.
They're measuring my heart rate,
by the way, the whole time.
They're measuring
how I'm reacting.
So I kept cool, and they didn't
ask me, hey, are you all right,
one time, because I was
only allowed to operate
on one part of the body.
And I wanted to
know more, you know?
Because there are
certain tissues,
I realized, from clones, than
from real extraterrestrials,
and from humans, that the
cloned tissue isn't as
strong as the ones they grow.
Our tissue's really
strong, but...
And depending on how long
they've been, of course, dead,
or how long it's been frozen,
or whatever conditions they
have had it in.
But when you get fresh stuff,
and sometimes they'll tell you
it is, sometimes they won't.
And you can tell that the ones
that are fake are more friable.
So that means you barely try
to get something out of them,
it just, like, melts away.
So it's a very
interesting dynamic as far
as the tissues are concerned.
>>DAVID: Emery, why do you
feel like coming forward today?
What are some of the
events that have just
happened that have impelled
you to finally break
your silence after a
decade of me telling you,
hey man, you really
ought to come forward?
>>SMITH: Well, you know, I
didn't think that's up to me.
Because I'm a very
just neutral--
I don't even watch a lot--
I don't watch a
lot of these shows,
and I like to stay neutral,
so nothing influences me.
And recently-- [SIGHS]
You know, it's got--
it's been getting
a little violent.
>>DAVID: We have a photograph
of a head-on collision
that you suffered
30 minutes after I
leaked more of your
information in an article.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
>>DAVID: And you're
very lucky to be alive.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
Yeah.
I mean, it's--
I've been shot at, been stabbed.
Been jumped by three agents.
Got my butt kicked.
I mean, that's-- I've
been through it all.
But it was not--
it was-- I don't believe it
was because of that stuff.
I think when they
knew I went energy,
and I started doing more
of the energy stuff,
they really got angry.
And that's where
I lost everything.
They broke into my house.
I mean, rammed my gate,
my concrete gate down,
where all this stuff was stored.
And cut into the walls
where things and safes
were hidden that you can only
know by satellite, using--
these people definitely had
perfect satellite imagery of--
I know about the satellites
very well and the stuff
they can do with them.
And they can look
into every brick
and every wall of the house.
>>DAVID: Wow.
It's unbelievable.
I'm very glad that you
made it here alive,
that we're doing this now.
We're going to try to get
as much on camera as we can,
for your safety.
And we will be back next time.
This is "Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm your host, David Wilcock,
here with "Paul," who we now
have revealed is Emery Smith.
And thank you for watching.
[MUSIC PLAYING]